In previous things you have created database models: we created model to map the
model to database. We can cretae instances of the model save that in a database

But database does not really kow about our model, it doesn't know about article table.
We've not made connection here. That's what Migrations is about.

when we create a model we need to migrate that model to database, then database
knows to store the table and columns in it.

When you run server you'll get message :
You have 18 unapplied migration(s). Your project may not work properly until you apply the migrations for app(s): admin, auth, contenttypes, sessions.
Run 'python manage.py migrate' to apply them.
September 05, 2020 - 09:51:01

python manage.py migrate
When you'll do this, django will store all models in database with respective table
and columns.

Before we'll migrate we need to create migration file
migration file tracks changes you make to model.

Due to this we'll make changes to author and thumnail field later
to check migration

You'll create migrstions with command
python manage.py migrations
this will create migration folder inside articles app.

below things are by default created inside migration folder 00001_initial.py
""""
migrations.CreateModel(
            name='Article',
            fields=[
                ('id', models.AutoField(auto_created=True, primary_key=True, serialize=False, verbose_name='ID')),
                ('title', models.CharField(max_length=100)),
                ('slug', models.SlugField()),
                ('body', models.TextField()),
                ('date', models.DateTimeField(auto_now=True)),
            ],
"""""
Here you can see django automatically adds the id field, it knows that these are
all things we want in our table, so 
when we run 'python manage.py migrate' 
this gonna mirror this to database table to articles

Run -> python manage.py migrate
Output: Apply all migrations: admin, articles, auth, contenttypes, sessions
Running migrations:
  Applying articles.0001_initial... OK 

So everytime we make a model, make changes to model we're gonna have to do
same 2 steps  , run makemigrations and run migrate 

python manage.py makemigrations
python manage.py migrate